[docs][cloud] Clarify VPC address restrictions (#15263)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/yugabyte-cloud/cloud-basics/cloud-vpcs/cloud-vpc-intro.md

| Provider | VPC setup
| :--- | :--- |

> | AWS | You need to create a VPC in each region where the cluster is to be deployed.<br/>To deploy a cluster into those regional VPCs, ensure that the CIDRs of the VPCs do not overlap.<br/>If you intend to peer different VPCs to the same application VPC, ensure that the CIDRs of the VPCs do not overlap. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| AWS | You need to create a VPC in each region where the cluster is to be deployed.<br/>To deploy a multi-region cluster into those regional VPCs, ensure that the CIDRs of the VPCs do not overlap.<br/>If you intend to peer different VPCs to the same application VPC, ensure that the CIDRs of the VPCs do not overlap. |
```

| GCP Global | Create a single global VPC; each region of the cluster is deployed in the same VPC. |

> | GCP Custom | When creating the VPC, add a region for each region where you intend to deploy the cluster; each region of the cluster is deployed in the same VPC.<br/>If you plan to expand your cluster into new regions in the future, add those regions to the VPC when you create the VPC; _you can't expand into new regions after the VPC is created_. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| GCP (Custom region selection) | When creating the VPC, you provide network blocks for each region where you intend to deploy the cluster; each region of the cluster is deployed in the same VPC.<br/>If you plan to expand your cluster into new regions in the future, add those regions to the VPC when you create the VPC; _you can not expand into new regions after the VPC is created_. |
```

- 172.16.0.0      -   172.31.255.255  (172.16/12 prefix)
- 192.168.0.0     -   192.168.255.255 (192.168/16 prefix)

Peered application VPCs also use addresses in these ranges. Once peered, you also need to add the addresses of the peered VPCs to your cluster IP allow list. Private IP addresses added to the cluster allow list that are not part of a peered network are ignored, and can't be used to connect to the cluster.

You can calculate ranges beforehand using [IP Address Guide's CIDR to IPv4 Conversion calculator](https://www.ipaddressguide.com/cidr).

### Restrictions

Addresses have the following additional restrictions:

- VPC addresses can overlap with other VPCs, but not in the following circumstances:
  - You want to peer the VPCs to the same application VPC. For example, if you have two different VPCs with overlapping addresses, you won't be able to peer them with the same application VPC.

  ![VPCs with overlapping CIDRs](/images/yb-cloud/managed-vpc-overlap-cidr.png)

>   - You want to use the VPCs for the same cluster. For example, if you have two VPCs in diffferent regions with overlapping addresses, you won't be able to use both for deploying a multi-region cluster.

Reviewer 2: Feel like this scenario will be run into more often, than the one listed above, and should be first in this list. Also check spelling on 'different'

>   ![VPCs with overlapping CIDRs in the same cluster](/images/yb-cloud/managed-vpc-overlap-cluster.png)

Reviewer 2: I think the image be indicating somehow that this is due to cross-cluster communication. Maybe have the two VPCs that are overlapping pointing to each other with the X,or the two regions with the overlap with the X?
